Unlimited number of nominators eligible for Rewards payout (#13059)
paritytech/substrate: frame/staking/README.md

> Rewards must be claimed for each era before it gets too old by `$HISTORY_DEPTH` using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rewards must be claimed for each era before it gets too old by [`HistoryDeth`] using the
```

This should create a correct link I think: https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/1946-intra-rustdoc-links.html
